---
layout: knownissues
title:  v4.5.0.2 Known Issues
tags:
- Known Issues
---

* TOC
{:toc}

[Discussion](http://www.reddit.com/r/RESissues/comments/2a1zde/res_v4502_known_issues/).

###### Comments

###### Temporarily Sort Comments doesn't do anything

reddit changed its "sort comments" dropdown just before RES v4.5.0.2 release, breaking RES's Temporarily Sort Comments.

Fixed for next release.

###### navigate by: popular

RES sort by popular when dealing with comments just brings me straight down the comment list without sorting by votes.

[Fixed for next release](https://github.com/honestbleeps/Reddit-Enhancement-Suite/issues/1526)


###### Night mode turned itself off

Sorry, upgrade problem. Turn it back on under the [](###### gear) gear menu.  Shouldn't happen again.

###### Keyboard Navigation changes focus to new tab

Bug. Fixed for next release.

###### Image expando issues

###### Images show on top of other text/images

Bug.  Fixed for next release.

###### Wrong aspect ratio in image galleries

Known issue.  [Possibly fixed for next release.](https://github.com/honestbleeps/Reddit-Enhancement-Suite/issues/1496)

###### Image gallery resets to image 1 on scroll

Known issue. This is [not yet fixed](https://github.com/honestbleeps/Reddit-Enhancement-Suite/issues/1494).

Workaround: turn off Settings > UI > Inline Image Viewer (showImages) [conserveMemory](/r/RESissues/wiki/knownissues/4_5_0_2#!settings/showImages/conserveMemory).



###### Image expandos closing a few seconds after I opened them

Uninstall Adblock Pro and switch to a different adblocker.  [More info](http://www.reddit.com/r/Enhancement/wiki/support/extensionconflicts)

(This isn't actually a v4.5.0.2 issue, it just manifested around the same time.)

###### Gfycat expandos don't open

Known issue. Fixed for next release.

Workaround: http://www.reddit.com/r/RESissues/comments/2a2vch/bug_gfycat_expandos_still_not_working/

###### Some subreddits hide the "Use subreddit style" checkbox

Some subreddit moderators don't want to let redditors disable their subreddit style, for various reasons.  RES usually adds extra protection to the "use subreddit style" checkbox, but we've decided to pursue other methods which are less troublesome, like adding a toolbar button to the browser.  Unfortunately, this means that it is easier for subreddit moderators to hide the "☑Use subreddit style" checkbox.

As a workaround, try:

1. Open the RES command line by pressing **.** (period -- if [Keyboard Navigation](/r/RESissues/wiki/knownissues/4_5_0_2#!settings/keyboardNav) is enabled) or go through RES settings console > About RES > RES Command Line (commandLine) [launch](/r/RESissues/wiki/edit/knownissues/4_5_0_2#!settings/commandLine/launch) and press the "launch" button
1. Type in `srstyle off`
1. Hit enter.

###### Turning off "subreddit style browser toolbar button" also hides "☑ Use subreddit style"

(Chrome only)

Sorry!  In the rush to add the [styleTweaks - subredditStyleBrowserToolbarButton option](/r/RESissues/wiki/knownissues/4_5_0_2#!settings/styleTweaks/subredditStyleBrowserToolbarButton), this didn't get fully tested.

*This will be fixed in the next RES release.*


###### Command line just refreshes the page (Firefox)

Steps to reproduce:


1. [Go to the frontpage](/#) and press . (period) or go to RES settings console > About RES > RES Command Line (commandLine) > [launch](/r/RESissues/wiki/knownissues/4_5_0_2#!settings/commandLine/launch)" and click the "launch" button
1. Type in **r/enhancement** (or any other command)
1. Press enter

Expected result:

1. Navigate to /r/Enhancement post listings

Actual result:

1. Page simply reloads

This is a bug in RES v4.5.0.2 in Firefox.    It is fixed for the next release.
